# Urifoodie
Urifoodie is a social media application which is based on food. All of us love to eat delicious meals and we want to share this enjoyment. Sometimes we cannot decide what we eat and need some advice or suggestions about it. We want to create a mobile application that provides it.
 We planned some diverse pages in our application. Firstly, when you click on our application, you will encounter a starting page with our app icon on it. Secondly, you will face a login and a signup page which the user has to make an account inorder to go to our 'Home Page' which includes each user's own food posts and friend’s posts, and also users can create new posts from this page, and share a new recipe. Our application provides these features: chatting with your Urifoodie’s friends;  exploring new friends and recipes and additionally being able to save the recipes that you like, and a favorite list to keep your favorite recipes ,  having a kind of digital recipe notebook for you,  receiving some notifications about your actions inside the app,  creating and editing your Urifoodie profile,  changing settings for personalizing the app for you,  having a calendar for reaching your foods like a monthly meal list.
 We aim to help our users meet each other gathering around the world and creating a wide inspirational communication area between them about their meals, recipes, and ingredients which they make or have been inspired by someone who made that meal for them, so they decided to make it and share it throughout Urifoodie application. We hope to successfully create our app and share it to our users as soon as possible.
